Hello, today we are preparing another
dish and azerbaijan sky cuisine
so it sounds like this dish is very
rarely I prepare she read in
cookbook and today I will be his
cook for cooking this dish
this she called omri reads
of this dish we need onion i'm his
cut rings will need chicken
we brought her to half ready piled up
water and
need it means turmeric melted
butter then winged butter
we have homemade recipe of it
you can see i have that
the video will need the following spice it
black pepper is saffron is salt still in
end of brewing I need it means on
tablespoon one teaspoon of sugar
here dried dogwood here it is we
washed
washed and here for registration dishes to me
will need dried barberries and
pomegranate grains proceed to
cooking dishes
year I add chopped onion rings
here I will add now melted cream
butter
about one spoon
now it means adding onion at turmeric
that's about 2 teaspoons and
put a doll for the soul out fry onions
fry a little and add here
saffron
drive 2 with security
Now
cuckoo add dried dogwood here I have
here pitted naturally
Now I know the dogwood along with the bow in advance
we mean soaked him so that he was
soft
in ordinary water we soaked him halo
Buladi pan I put the chicken
which we cooked in a small
the amount of water and broth eaten
now what I add ghee
creamy
and here I mean add means salt
chicken salute
and here I have black pepper now too
don't add pepper now
send the chicken to the stove so she
fire and chicken and onions fried
now we have to shift the chicken to
onions
so that they fire together until the end
now all mix well
design dish revenues ready now here
add sugar wrote this 1 coffee
frequent spoon
sprinkle on the knees and the spoon
top sugar and everything ran for full
willingness and gain is ready now her
need to shift to the dish
it's done for beauty
and here I have dried barberry barberry
barberry me dressing too
everything
shovels for a junk book of a cookbook with
I was sick of you today for everything
until